Update VS Code extension docs to cover Code Insights and View in VS Code (#18770)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/ide_integrations/_index.md

{{< whatsnext desc="See the documentation for information about the following integrations:">}}
    {{< nextlink href="developers/ide_integrations/idea/" >}}<u>JetBrains IDEs</u>: Improve software performance by providing meaningful code-level insights in IDEA and GoLand based on real-time observability data.{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="developers/ide_integrations/vscode/" >}}<u>VS Code</u>: The extension features Code Insights and an integration for running Synthetic tests on local environments.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="developers/ide_integrations/vscode/" >}}<u>Visual Studio Code</u>: The extension features Code Insights and an integration for running Synthetic tests on local environments.{{< /nextlink >}}
```
